enh(release): Add Centreon Web 21.04.1 RN (#739)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 21.04.1

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`May 11, 2021`

```

#### Bugfixes

- [Configuration] Default Centreon Engine value is different from the tooltip, and affects performance

> - [Patform Topology] Register a remote / poller to central with proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Platform Topology] Register a remote / poller to central with proxy
```

> - [Resources Status] Click anywhere in metric tile within the legend to select metrics to display in graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Click anywhere in the metric tile within the legend to select metrics to display in graphs
```

> - [Resources Status] Custom filters can not be listed from the drop down menu after upgrade to 21.04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Custom filters cannot be listed from the drop down menu after upgrade to 21.04
```

- [Resources Status] Graph export does not work correctly on Safari and Firefox

> - [Resources Status] Graph units are not properly displayed when graphs has a 2 way scale	Tom Darneix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Graph units are not properly displayed when graphs have a 2 way scale
```

- [Resources Status] Jagged disposition when multiple graphs displayed in extended host panel

> - [Resources Status] Listing refresh gets slower as the number of items per page increase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Listing refresh gets slower as the number of items per page increases
```
